Extract TASH
============

Choose a place to build TASH. If you're not using GNAT GPL or FSF GCC,
this should be the place you intend to use it from, perhaps your HOME
directory.

Assuming this is your home directory, go there and extract TASH by

  $ unzip tash-8.6-0-src-20110723.zip

and then enter the source directory:

  $ cd tash-8.6-0-src-20110723

Configure
=========

Configure for your system:
  $ ./setup.tcl

If Tcl/Tk was installed correctly, and wish is in your path, a wish
script will run which sets values for several makefile macros used to
customize your TASH build. In most cases, the default values will be
OK. If not, type in the correct values. It's important that the C
compiler used to compile glue files is compatible with your Ada
compiler; one way of achieving this (if you're using GNAT; note, these
instructions assume that's the case) is to make sure that GNAT is
first on your path. In any case, setup.tcl will use 'gnatgcc' if found.

Press the Save button to create the tash_options.gpr and makeconf files.

You can say
  $ ./setup.tcl --nogui

if you're prepared to accept the defaults.

Build
=====

Run
  $ make all

This will compile the necessary C glue files and build the TASH
library as a static library (libtash.a) with .ali files in lib/, and
the corresponding source files in include/.

Run tests
=========

Run
  $ make test

This runs several test programs in the test/, demos/ and, with Tcl/Tk
8.4, apps/ directories.

Using TASH
==========

If you're using a GNAT-based compiler, it's strongly recommended that
you use the GNAT Project feature.

Using in-place
---------------

After the ;make all' stage, you can use TASH where it was built with
any GNAT-based compiler.

Make sure that the TASH distribution directory is on your
ADA_PROJECT_PATH, by eg

  $ export ADA_PROJECT_PATH=~/tash-8.6-0-src-20110917:$ADA_PROJECT_PATH

Your GPR should include TASH:

  with "tash";

Installing with the compiler
-----------------------------

If you're using FSF GCC or GNAT GPL, the best way is to install TASH
alongside your compiler. Note, THIS DOES NOT WORK WITH DEBIAN (yet),
because of its different approach to file system layout for the Ada
subsystem.

The remaining instructions assume use on a Unix machine, or Cygwin if
on Windows.

Having run 'make all' as above,

   $ make install

(you may need to do this as root on Unix systems).
